<h2> Laboratory 2 </h2>
<ul>
  <li> <h3> Compulsory </h3> 
    <ul> 
        <li> &#9989; Create an object-oriented model of the problem.</li>
        <li> &#9989; Each class should have appropriate constructors, getters and setters. </li>
        <li> &#9989; Use the IDE features for code generation, such as generating getters and setters. </li>
        <li> &#9989; The toString method form the Object class must be properly overridden for all the classes. </li>
        <li> &#9989; Use the IDE features for code generation </li>
        <li> &#9989; Create and print on the screen the objects in the example. </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li> <h3> Homework </h3> 
    <ul> 
      <li> &#9989; Create a class that describes an instance of the problem. </li>
      <li> &#9989; Override the equals method form the Object class for the Event, Room classes. The problem should not allow adding the same event or room twice. </li>
      <li> &#9989; Instead of using an enum, create dedicated classes for lecture halls and computer labs. Room will become abstract. The course room may have an additional property indicating if there is a video projector, and the lab room may indicate the operating system of its computers. </li>
      <li> &#9989; Create a class to describe the solution. </li>
      <li> &#9989; Implement a simple algorithm for creating a feasible solution to the problem, "trying" to minimize the number of used rooms. </li>
      <li> &#9989; Write doc comments in your source code and generate the class documentation using javadoc. </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li> <h3> Bonus </h3> 
    <ul> 
     <li> &#9989; Use the time package in order to describe the start and the end time of the events. </li>
     <li> &#9989; Implement the DSatur graph coloring algorithm. </li>
     <li>  Generate large random instances and:
       <ul>
          <li> &#9989; compare the solutions generated by Greedy and DSatur algorithms;</li>
           <li> &#9989; analyze the performance of your algorithm (running times, memory consumption). Identify the hot-spots in your code.</li>
         </li>
       </ul>
      </ul>
  </li>
 </ul>
